---
layout: page
title: Test
tags: [test]
---

Kuradi Muduku is a street where female sex workers live. From the point of view of a journalist who goes there regularly, he himself is the narrator, and a thread of the short novel runs about his relationship with Thangam, who lives on the street. Along with that, another thread runs through the third-person perspective of the novelist herself about the other workers living on the street: Chellam, Meenakshi, Chenpagam, Marakatham and Devayanai.

An incident in the first half of the novel describes the draft of the short story. A man enters the street. He walks in the middle of the street and takes a look. He comes back and lights a cigarette and enters a house now walking to one side instead of in the middle. She starts with five rupees and he starts with one rupee and ends up with two rupees. She immediately wipes the places where he kissed her. He did not see it, or pretended to see it. This small act is a great shame for a man. What she is saying is, don't do all the loving kisses, just do the work you came for and leave. Then she moves her hand to his stomach. He asks what the rush is, she tells him it's time, and he leaves after five minutes of action. The slightly older woman next door sees this and says to herself that she is the younger one and the giver.

All existing apps like Tinder are for matchmaking. After looking and choosing on the phone itself, then deciding on a date, both of them meet, mostly for the purpose of love, they go on a date (dating) for a few days or many days and talk, when lust comes and interferes, if the purpose of love is fulfilled, then jump to the goal of marriage - this whole series of events goes on again and again. But through this mechanism another thread is running through society – the temporary or complete avoidance of love and the seeking of another for lust. If it feels right for her attraction, arrange a meeting, keep the conversation minimal, avoid feeling possessive or controlling, and just settle for lust. Many people who think that it is useless to spend time, mind, brain and money on the ethics of love that society has established for those who study or work or work as a dream for their life, are now promoting apps only to solve lust. The challenge here is how much control you can keep your mind from falling into love. For some, this mindset may be natural. Some may not.

In this story, there is no such thing as love, and the journalist goes in search of only lust. At that time, the only option was to resort to sex workers. They are created by society to ensure that love or marriage does not overshadow lust. But the human mind expands lust, the possessiveness that occurs when it finds another suitable for its cultural context and its own egoism, together with something called love. Even though he has been going fast for a long time, one day only gold has this feeling. It is not clear why. It may be because of the natural love she gives. Maybe because he thinks her body is perfectly suited for him. It may be because the feeling of living together with another is ingrained in him, despite his own logic.

Since the relationship between him and Gold is told from the narrator's point of view, the novel does not say why Gold was acting normal towards him and why she fell in love with him even when they met for the first time. She greets him with a warm welcome, like a long-time acquaintance on meeting him for the second time. Maybe that's just her nature. Or perhaps it was thought appropriate at the time. Or maybe she really fell in love with him at first sight out of some sort of attraction.

He visits her several times. Beyond lust, it also goes as day and night. He thinks she wants him only. He thinks that she should not spend her time with others. At first he has no desire for her, but he thinks that she gives pleasure that other women cannot. But, the doubts about marriage love in him slowly dissolve; Although not completely, he proposes to Thangat whether they can live together alone, without going so far as marriage, without declaring it as love. She naturally refuses. She says she is already married to Natarajan. She says that even though she is a sex worker, she is bound by thali. Then she runs away without saying anything.

Another strand of the story is told from the novelist's point of view. In it the world is described through other sex worker characters. Every woman has an Atan. Athan is a man who guides the female sex workers, buys them from somewhere, takes care of the job, talks to the police and gives money in case of court cases, and generally does not have sex with these women.

Sixteen-year-old sex worker Marakatham has been there for a month. She has professional sex and is in love with a young man. He is in a relationship with her only for his own pleasure and profit. This may be her first love. Such a young age. Other older workers are jealous. She wasn't told that it was love, or the nature of puberty, that she could stretch it out and only surf it.

Another is Senpakam, created by desire for a child, and then dissipates when engaged in business. At that time she did not have the power to say “no”.

One night, after the youths had gone to bed, a customer came. He goes to the room with the old lady. He says the time was well spent even though she was old. Happy to pet.

The novelist sarcastically says that Kurathi Muduk is also known as Vallikurathi Muduk and that is where Devayana is also located. Fifteen-year-old Devayan wears a white skirt and a white blouse (jumper). No top was worn. She tries to commit suicide by hanging herself. The rope cut and she fell down and was hit hard on the head and back. [This incident is slightly expanded by G. Nagarajan has written a short story called “The Man in the Derlin Shirt and the Eight-Cut Vest”.]

Thus different female characters. The story is full of their joys, longings, disappointments and sensuality.

It can be known that the "shock" that this story is in the field of sex work was in the 1960s when it was written. It may have been considered at the time to have spoken of a deviant lifestyle. But the limits of this mutation are disappearing or changing. The age descriptions given in it are surprising when read today. After forty years, the old stamp falls off. Forty is young these days. Let's put sex work as information technology industry and see what is missing in this story. Like all professions, the sex industry is full of jealousies, deceptions, petty pleasures, pleasures, and exploitations. More than that, it questions the linear path of lust-love-marriage. It asks whether one or more of the three are required. It begs the question whether the notion that love is the pleasure of mutual support is something socially constructed or is it natural even in animal hunting.